README.md, before:


This repository is a portfolio of my **Copilot agents**, **prompt library**, and **videos** that show how I design, manage and govern, and teach AI solutions across Microsoft 365, Copilot Studio, and Agent 365.

- **Tech:** Microsoft 365 Copilot, Copilot Studio, Agent 365, Purview, Intune, Power Platform, Azure OpenAI, local/open models

---

## Agent Playground

This is a catalog of agents I have made since I began learning about Copilot and Agent.

### Each Agent Includes

- **Overview:** README file and overview  
- **Architecture:** instructions and starter prompts  
- **Setup:** environment, connectors, variables, permissions  
- **Run:** quick start script or solution  
- **Governance:** what’s logged, who can execute, cost guardrails  

### BossBuddy

- BossBuddy is a virtual AI manager I created to guide you in your work, strategy, and career growth through simple conversations. It helps clarify your impact and see the bigger picture in projects and opportunities.

### Professor X

- Professor X is an agent designed to coach your speaking and presentation skills. Just submit a transcript, and Professor X will analyze and provide feedback to help improve your next talk.

### Taskmaster

- Taskmaster acts as your chief of staff who tracks your opportunities, surfaces what needs your attention, pulls out action items, and gives you strategic guidance to move opportunities and projects forward.

### Impact Check

- Ever have trouble realizing the impact you make on everyday work and projects? Impact Check agent enables you to work more efficiently by summarizing, analyzing, creating, and linking information within your Microsoft 365 apps, using only data you can already access. This helps you understand your influence and impact on both projects and teammates.

---

## Prompt Playground

- This is a catalog of all my favorite prompts and personalization for Copilot.
- Meeting Catch Up  
- Copilot Memory  
- Copilot Personalization  
- Worst Traits to Enhance Growth  
- Kick‑off, reset, and Wrap‑up  
- Next Level (Taking prompt output to the next level)  
- 1‑on‑1 (Manager Weekly Connect)  
- Proofread Prompt  
- Positivity Prompts  

---

## Copilot Management & Governance

This section is built for IT admins and security teams. It features short videos and runnable guides that show how to **manage**, **govern**, and **observe** Copilot and agents at scale.

### Video Tracks

- **Session 1: Copilot and Agent Governance Foundations in the M365 Admin Center**  
  Deployment approach, the Copilot Control System, access and billing controls, and how to highlight or restrict agents.

- **Session 2: Copilot Studio + Power Platform Governance**  
  Managed Environments, environment routing, DLP strategy, connector risk controls, and cost management for agents.

- **Session 3: Purview for M365 + Agents**  
  Sensitivity labels, DLP, insider risk, audit/eDiscovery, and how labeling and oversharing shape what Copilot can surface.

- **Session 4: SharePoint Advanced Management (SAM) for Content Signals**  
  Oversharing baselines, lifecycle cleanup, access reviews, RAC/RCD, and making Copilot “see” the right content.

Commit message:

Enhance README with project overview
Added introduction and purpose of the repository.

README.md, after:

## Hello world and welcome to my Copilot Playground
I am a Copilot Solution Engineer at Microsoft and since joining Microsoft, I wanted to share the things I am learning, stuff I am building, and overall insights on all the things with the community.

This repository is a portfolio of my **Copilot agents**, **prompt library**, and **videos** that show how I design, manage and govern, and teach AI solutions across Microsoft 365, Copilot Studio, and Agent 365.

- **Tech:** Microsoft 365 Copilot, Copilot Studio, Agent 365, Purview, Intune, Power Platform, Azure OpenAI, local/open models

---

## Agent Playground

This is a catalog of agents I have made since I began learning about Copilot and Agent.

### Each Agent Includes

- **Overview:** README file and overview  
- **Architecture:** instructions and starter prompts  
- **Setup:** environment, connectors, variables, permissions  
- **Run:** quick start script or solution  
- **Governance:** what’s logged, who can execute, cost guardrails  

### BossBuddy

- BossBuddy is a virtual AI manager I created to guide you in your work, strategy, and career growth through simple conversations. It helps clarify your impact and see the bigger picture in projects and opportunities.

### Professor X

- Professor X is an agent designed to coach your speaking and presentation skills. Just submit a transcript, and Professor X will analyze and provide feedback to help improve your next talk.

### Taskmaster

- Taskmaster acts as your chief of staff who tracks your opportunities, surfaces what needs your attention, pulls out action items, and gives you strategic guidance to move opportunities and projects forward.

### Impact Check

- Ever have trouble realizing the impact you make on everyday work and projects? Impact Check agent enables you to work more efficiently by summarizing, analyzing, creating, and linking information within your Microsoft 365 apps, using only data you can already access. This helps you understand your influence and impact on both projects and teammates.

---

## Prompt Playground

- This is a catalog of all my favorite prompts and personalization for Copilot.
- Meeting Catch Up  
- Copilot Memory  
- Copilot Personalization  
- Worst Traits to Enhance Growth  
- Kick‑off, reset, and Wrap‑up  
- Next Level (Taking prompt output to the next level)  
- 1‑on‑1 (Manager Weekly Connect)  
- Proofread Prompt  
- Positivity Prompts  

---

## Copilot Management & Governance

This section is built for IT admins and security teams. It features short videos and runnable guides that show how to **manage**, **govern**, and **observe** Copilot and agents at scale.

### Video Tracks

- **Session 1: Copilot and Agent Governance Foundations in the M365 Admin Center**  
  Deployment approach, the Copilot Control System, access and billing controls, and how to highlight or restrict agents.

- **Session 2: Copilot Studio + Power Platform Governance**  
  Managed Environments, environment routing, DLP strategy, connector risk controls, and cost management for agents.

- **Session 3: Purview for M365 + Agents**  
  Sensitivity labels, DLP, insider risk, audit/eDiscovery, and how labeling and oversharing shape what Copilot can surface.

- **Session 4: SharePoint Advanced Management (SAM) for Content Signals**  
  Oversharing baselines, lifecycle cleanup, access reviews, RAC/RCD, and making Copilot “see” the right content.
